Olivia, it's time to face your feelings.
This is the guy you like.
And it's time to stop wasting time on a husband who doesn't want to see you.
Mrs. Foster?
So, yes, I want a divorce.
Please send me his phone number.
Maybe why does his phone number look so familiar?
Wait, I know you.
How did you get in here?
No!
Don't get over me!
My wife in a range of meeting for noon today.
This divorce can't wait any longer.
Sure.
Oh, and this was up to your door.
Hello?
Long time no sea heart.
Guess who's with me.
Come alone if you want to see your wife alive.
Is it all I want to retract?
You seriously expect me to believe that?
You still haven't seen the photos have you.
I'm sure you'd like to talk then.
Probably please.
The moment isn't saved.